tkabber.jabber.ru/caps=Fake
caps/=Wrong entity caps
http://tkabber.jabber.ru/=Tkabber
http://jtalk.ustyugov.net/caps=jTalk
http://miranda-im.org/caps=Miranda
http://voffk.org.ru/bombus=Bombus+
http://bombus-im.org/ng=BombusNG
http://psi-dev.googlecode.com/caps=Psi+
http://glu.net/=glu
http://pda.qip.ru/caps=QIP PDA
http://pidgin.im/caps=Libpurple (old)
http://kopete.kde.org/jabber/caps=Kopete
http://exodus.jabberstudio.org/caps=Exodus
http://jabiru.mzet.net/caps=Jabiru
http://bitlbee.org/xmpp/caps=BitlBee
http://coccinella.sourceforge.net/protocol/caps=Coccinella
http://jasmineicq.ru/caps=Jasmine IM
http://www.apple.com/ichat/caps=iChat Agent
http://dev.jabbim.cz/jabbim/caps=Jabbim
http://bombusng-qd.googlecode.com=BombusQD-NG
http://palringo.com/caps=uTalk
http://vacuum-im.googlecode.com=Vacuum IM
http://jajc.jrudevels.org/caps=JAJC
http://gaim.sf.net/caps=Gaim
http://bombusng-md.googlecode.com=BombusNG-MD
http://mchat.mgslab.com/=mChat
http://pidgin.im/=Libpurple
http://online.yandex.ru/caps=YaOnline
http://qutim.org=qutIM
http://bombusmod-qd.wen.ru/caps=BombusQD
http://bombusmod.net.ru/caps=BombusMod
http://psi-im.org/caps=Psi
http://jimm.net.ru/caps=Jimm aspro
http://www.igniterealtime.org/projects/smack/=Smack
http://bluendo.com/protocol/caps=Lampiro
nimbuzz:caps=Nimbuzz
http://qip.ru/caps?=QIP Mobile
http://bombus.pl/caps=BombusMod (PL)
http://mcabber.com/caps=mcabber
http://isida-bot.com=Isida Bot
http://apps.radio-t.com/caps=AIR Radio-T
http://bombus-im.org/java=Bombus
http://gajim.org=Gajim
http://swift.im=Swift
http://pjc.googlecode.com/caps=JuBo
http://sonicrevolution.no.sapo.pt=Sonic Revolution
http://www.barobin.com/caps=BayanICQ
http://www.google.com/xmpp/client/caps=Gtalk
http://bombusmod.net.ru=BombusMod (old)
http://erlim.a7x-im.com/=Erlang IM
http://xu-6.jabbrik.ru/caps=XU-6 Bot
http://aspro.users.ru/historian-bot/=Historian Bot
http://jabrvista.net.ru=Uta Bot (Jabrvista)
http://camaya.net/gloox=gloox
http://klub54.wen.ru/caps=BombusKlub
http://bombus-im.org/android=Bombus Lime
http://aqq.eu/=AQQ
http://bombusmod.eu=BombusMod (PL)
http://jitsi.org=Jitsi
http://oneteam.im/caps=OneTeam
http://2010.qip.ru/caps=QIP 2010
http://home.gna.org/=Omnipresence
http://agent.mail.ru=Mail.Ru Agent
http://chat.ovi.com/caps=Ovi chat
http://jabbrik.ru/caps=Uta Bot (Jabbrik)
http://leechcraft.org/azoth=LeechCraft Azoth
http://mail.google.com/xmpp/client/caps=Gmail
http://java.util.Random=Bombus Avalon (old)
http://www.weonlydo.com/XMPP/caps=wod-xmpp
http://j-cool.ru/=GameBot
http://jabber-net.ru/talisman-bot/caps=Talisman Bot
http://BombusMod.net.ru=BombusMod (old)
http://jabbroid.akuz.de/caps=Jabbroid
http://witcher-team.ucoz.ru/=Talisman Bot
http://fin.jabber.ru/caps=Capsula Bot
http://qip.ru/caps=QIP
http://www.asterisk.org/xmpp/client/caps=Asterisk
http://trillian.im/caps=Trillian
http://japyt.googlecode.com=Japyt for iPhone
http://tomclaw.com/mandarin_im/caps=Mandarin IM
http://pyaim=pyAIM-t
http://snapi-bot.googlecode.com/caps=Snapi-Snup Jabber Bot
http://stranger.kiev.ua/caps=Fin jabber
http://simpleapps.ru/xmpp/caps#security-bot=Security Bot
http://www.process-one.net/en/solutions/oneteam_iphone/=OneTeam iPhone
http://chat.freize.org/caps=Freize Web Chat
osiris-bot=Osiris Bot
http://pyicq=pyICQ-t
http://spectrum.im/transport=Spectrum IM transport
http://telepathy.freedesktop.org/caps=Telepathy
http://j-tmb.ru/caps=Talisman Bot
http://www.android.com/gtalk/client/caps=Gtalk Android
http://svn.xmpp.ru/repos/mrim=MRIM-t
fatal-=Fatal Bot
storm=Storm Bot
blacksmith=Blacksmith Bot
jame-bot=Jame Bot
http://pyvk=pyVK-t
freq=freQ Bot
eqx.su/=Emess
msn=pyMSN-t
clon=Clon Bot
jappix.=Jappix
bot=Jabber Bot
disk=Jabber Disk
none=MRA
http://-=Bombus Avalon (old)
http://py=Jabber transport
://=Not in list (visit to http://westsibe.wen.ru)